Robot Skills Challenge Rules

<RSC1> Standard rules apply in most cases. All rules from previous sections apply to Robot Skills Matches,
unless otherwise specified in this section.
    a. Removing Scoring Objects from the Field in a Robot Skills Match is not a Violation. Scoring Objects that
    leave the Field cannot be returned.
    b. In the Robot Skills Challenge, the standard definition of Match Affecting does not apply, because there is no
    winner or loser. When evaluating whether a rule Violation should be classified as a Major Violation or Minor
    Violation in the context of this criteria, the term “score affecting” can be substituted for “Match Affecting.” A
    Violation is considered “score affecting” if it results in a net increase of that Team’s score at the end of the
    Match.
    c. Violations of <GG>, <SG>, and <RSC> rules that occur during a Robot Skills Match should only affect the
    outcome of that Match and should not be considered when determining whether a Violation has been
    repeated during the event.

<RSC2> Match play is different in Robot Skills Matches.
    a. The Robot must start the Robot Skills Match in a legal starting position in the Quadrant adjacent to the red
    Alliance Station.
    b. All Drive Team Members must remain in the red Alliance Station for the duration of the Match.
    c. One red/yellow Pin must be used as a Preload in accordance with <SG5>.
    d. Teams may introduce Match Load Scoring Objects at any time during a Robot Skills Match, but only through
    red Alliance Loaders.
    e. Robots can add or remove Pins or Cups on all Goals.
    f. Robots may move freely about the Field after the start of the Match.

<RSC3> Scoring Robot Skills Matches. For each Robot Skills Match, Teams are awarded a score based on the
following rules and scoring table:
Each Scored red or blue Pin             5 points
Each Scored yellow Pin                  10 points
Each Robot ending in the Midfield       8 points

    a. Teams can earn points for Pins of any color.
        i. Red Pins can only be Scored if they are Placed in a red Quadrant or in the Midfield.
        ii. Blue Pins can only be Scored if they are Placed in a blue Quadrant or in the Midfield.
        iii. Yellow Pins can only be Scored if they are Owned.
            1. Toggles only confer Ownership of Pins when the Toggle matches the color of its Quadrant (i.e.,
            yellow Pins Placed in a red Quadrant with a Toggle that is set to blue are not Owned and will not earn
            any points.
            2. Yellow Pins Placed in the Midfield are Owned if a Robot ends the Match in the Midfield. (See <SC6>).
    b. The Team will earn points for a Robot ending in the Midfield. (See <SC6>.)

<RSC4> Field setup for Skills Matches. The Field is set up differently than a Head-to-Head Match, with the
following modifications:
    a. In Autonomous Coding Skills Matches, the VEX GPS code strip must be installed on the Field.
    b. Revised Match Loads. Three (3) red/yellow Pins, four (4) blue/yellow Pins, and seven (7) Cups begin off the
    Field as Match Loads.
    c. All Goals start the Match empty with no Placed Pins.