<RSC2> Scoring Robot Skills Matches. For each Robot Skills Match, Teams are awarded a score based on the following rules and scoring table:

Teams will receive points for all Scored Blocks, regardless of color.
  A Block is not considered Scored if it is in contact with a Robot at the end of the Match.

A Long Goal must include one or more of the following to be considered filled in a Robot Skills Match:
  Three Blocks of the same color fully contained between the inner edges of the Control Zone tape lines
  Four Blocks of the same color fully contained between the outer edges of the Control Zone tape lines.

The Team will earn points for a cleared Park Zone if no Blocks are in contact with the Floor inside the Park Zone at the end of the Match.

The Team will earn points for a cleared Loader if no Blocks are within that Loader at the end of the Match.

The Team will earn points for a Parked Robot if the Robot has moved during the Match, is within the red Alliance Park Zone, and meets all criteria of rule <SC4> at the end of the Match.

Each Block Scored in a Goal - 1 Point
Each filled Control Zone in a Long Goal - 5 Points
Each filled Control Zone in a Center Goal - 10 Points
Each Cleared Park Zone - 5 Points
Each Cleared Loader - 5 Points
Parked Robot - 15 Points

<RSC3> Robot and Field setup for Skills Matches. The Robot and Field are set up the same as for a Head-to-Head Match (e.g., the Robot must meet the requirements of <SG1>), with the following modifications:
  In Autonomous Coding Skills Matches, the VEX GPS code strip must be installed on the Field.
  The Robot must start the Robot Skills Match in a legal starting position for the red Alliance.
  All Drive Team Members must remain in the red Alliance Station for the duration of the Match.
  One red Block must be used as a Preload in accordance with <SG5>.
  Revised Block layout. 36 Blocks begin the Match in unscored positions on the Field and 24 Blocks begin in the Loaders, as shown in Figure RSC3-1.
  Robots may move freely about the Field after the start of the Match.
  Robot Skills Matches do not include Match Load Blocks.
Robot Skills Matches do not include Match Load Blocks.
